foreign
[Music]
i'm bruno i'm head milan fashion week
ish i'm going to wear the jumpsuit made
entirely out of velcro
you go out now
help me out of this take
hi welcome to sears how can i help you
today you may find this very hard to
believe but
i'm gay okay
look at the four of us we are so likes
of saxons and city girls
oh no we aren't either which one of you
honey i ain't neither one of them
i'm donny that is such a samantha thing
to say
angelina's got fun madonna's got one now
bruno's got fun
now our next guest is a single parent
please welcome
bruno so what's the baby's name i gave
him like a traditional african name
oj oh my gosh
you gotta be out of your mind what type
belt is that candidate damn tech
what is dng thoughts here on cabana
[Music]
hello
how do you protect yourself from being
attacked by homosexuals they probably
would have tackled from behind
[Music]
whoops this has
[Applause]
[Music]
you don't ended in half of that one
how did you find your son i swapped him
swap the baby for what for an ipod
[Music]
you